feat: Allow setting of temperature through button & update docs (#1855)
trisyoungs/duq: web/docs/examples/argon/step3.md

{{< action type="groups">}}Select the {{< node "Temperature" >}} node{{</action>}}
{{< action type="edit" text="Set the **Temperature** to 85 K to match that of the experimental measurement" />}}
{{< action type="mouse" >}}Click {{< gui-button text="Generate" icon="repeat" >}} to update the configuration.{{< /action >}}

> {{< tip >}}Make sure to click {{< gui-button text="Generate" icon="repeat" >}} to save your changes. You can recreate a configuration at any time by clicking the {{< gui-button text="Generate" icon="repeat" >}} button, but bear in mind that other quantities calculated by modules may also need to be cleared. Remove all of this data to begin a 'clean' run with the **Clear Module Data** option in the **Simulation** menu.{{< /tip >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< tip >}}Make sure to click {{< gui-button text="Generate" icon="repeat" >}} to update the configuration with any changes you're made to the generator procedure. You can recreate a configuration at any time by clicking the {{< gui-button text="Generate" icon="repeat" >}} button, but bear in mind that other quantities calculated by modules may also need to be cleared. Remove all of this data to begin a 'clean' run with the **Clear Module Data** option in the **Simulation** menu.{{< /tip >}}
```
